README.md, before:

# jboss-eap-6.4.0-docker
Dockerfile for help to someone who needs to create a docker container for development

* You need download the jboss-eap-6.4.0.zip from `http://developers.redhat.com` because we are not able to redistribute this versión according our development purpose.  Please review `http://developers.redhat.com/terms-and-conditions/`
* Then you build the image `` docker build -t jboss-eap:6.4.0 . ``
* Finally you should start the JBoss with some like `` docker run --name jboss-eap-6.4.0 -p 18080:8080 -p 19990:9990 -p 19999:9999 -d jboss-eap:6.4.0 ``

You have access, according with the run command:
* For applications: `http://localhost:18080/`
* Console: `http://localhost:19990/`

The credentials for console access are:
- User: admin
- Password: welcome1!

Of course if you change the ports mapped you'll need to change the previous URLs on appropriate way.

Note: the jboss-eap-6.4.0.zip file needs to be in the same directory where the file Dockerfile was downloaded.

I hope helps
Thanks

_pazfernando_

Commit message:

Add build steps - Version 1 JBoss 6.4.0 EAP image
The image created by the docker build command can be used as a base
image for applications that need a docker container running jboss 6.4.0
EAP.

README.md, after:

# Version 1 JBoss EAP 6.4.0 image

## Build the Version 1 JBoss 6.4.0 EAP Docker image

1. Download the jboss-eap-6.4.0.zip file to this directory
1. Build the docker image with a tag
  - `docker build -t v1/jboss-eap-6.4.0 .`

----
# Original repository documentation

## jboss-eap-6.4.0-docker
Dockerfile for help to someone who needs to create a docker container for development

## Main repo instructions

* You need download the jboss-eap-6.4.0.zip from `http://developers.redhat.com` because we are not able to redistribute this versión according our development purpose.  Please review `http://developers.redhat.com/terms-and-conditions/`
* Then you build the image `` docker build -t jboss-eap:6.4.0 . ``
* Finally you should start the JBoss with some like `` docker run --name jboss-eap-6.4.0 -p 18080:8080 -p 19990:9990 -p 19999:9999 -d jboss-eap:6.4.0 ``

You have access, according with the run command:
* For applications: `http://localhost:18080/`
* Console: `http://localhost:19990/`

The credentials for console access are:
- User: admin
- Password: welcome1!

Of course if you change the ports mapped you'll need to change the previous URLs on appropriate way.

Note: the jboss-eap-6.4.0.zip file needs to be in the same directory where the file Dockerfile was downloaded.

I hope helps
Thanks

_pazfernando_
